README.md, before:

# Zoo solo project

#### Independent Project week 3 Javascript w/ Angular2

#### By _**Zach Beecher**_

## Description

Local Zoo
During your free time you've decided to volunteer at your local zoo! It's been fun mucking out boar enclosures and not falling into the shark tank, but the assistant director has approached you and asked for your help in a different area.

The Zoo's animal tracking software's license has expired, and they're fed up with paying expensive licensing fees for an application that doesn't work very well. Besides just being generally user-unfriendly, the previous app didn't allow zoo workers to track the animals' likes and dislikes, or how many caretakers each requires.

You've agreed to use your web development skills to help out! Plan and create an application to track animals at your local Zoo. A senior developer will review your work -- and they are interested in hiring! Before you begin, take some time to map out a plan - what features do you definitely want to implement, which can wait until you're approved for a larger project? Make sure to record your ambitions in your README.

Requirements

Users (zoo staff), should be able to add newly-admitted animals to the app.

## Specs / Planning

1. Model will contain: Animal species, names, DOB, zoo keepers required to maintain them, other characteristics about the breed / type of animal, such as location, or GEO data.
2. Components:
  animal-new
  animal-list
  animal-edit
3. Filtering / pipes:
  Geo Location filtering / pipe

* _spec 0: Program will take user's input of new animal._
* _spec 1: Program will allow user to edit animal's likes, dislikes, how many caretakers they require, etc_
* _spec 2: Program will provide a filtering tool to select certain types of animals etc._
* _spec 3: Stretch goal: Program will use API call to pull in data about zoo animals._

## Known Bugs

_No known bugs, yet_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* `Download or clone project files: https://github.com/ziggity/week3_angular It's that easy!`
* $`cd week3_angular`
* $`npm install`
* $`bower install`

## Running the app:
* $`gulp build serve`
* Visit your app at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

### Support and contact details:

@zachbeecher on twitter

## Technologies Used
* _Bootstrap 3.3.7_
* _NPM_
* _Angular2_

### License

*This project is licensed under the MIT license*

Copyright (c) 2017 **_Zach Beecher_**

Commit message:

finalized build, no errors, clean working order. Next step to add API to pull in images for each animal

README.md, after:

# Zoo solo project

#### Independent Project week 3 Javascript w/ Angular2

#### By _**Zach Beecher**_

## Description

Local Zoo
During your free time you've decided to volunteer at your local zoo! It's been fun mucking out boar enclosures and not falling into the shark tank, but the assistant director has approached you and asked for your help in a different area.

The Zoo's animal tracking software's license has expired, and they're fed up with paying expensive licensing fees for an application that doesn't work very well. Besides just being generally user-unfriendly, the previous app didn't allow zoo workers to track the animals' likes and dislikes, or how many caretakers each requires.

You've agreed to use your web development skills to help out! Plan and create an application to track animals at your local Zoo. A senior developer will review your work -- and they are interested in hiring! Before you begin, take some time to map out a plan - what features do you definitely want to implement, which can wait until you're approved for a larger project? Make sure to record your ambitions in your README.

Requirements

Users (zoo staff), should be able to add newly-admitted animals to the app.
As a user…

I want to log a newly-admitted animal by submitting a form with animal species, name, age, diet, zoo location, number of needed caretakers, sex, one like and one dislike.
I want to view a list of animals I have logged.
I want options to view all animals, only young animals (less than 2 years of age), or only Adult1 animals (more than 2 years of age).
I want to click an animal to edit its name, age or caretakers.

## Specs / Planning

1. Model will contain: Animal species, names, DOB, zoo keepers required to maintain them, other characteristics about the breed / type of animal, such as location, or GEO data.
2. Components:
  animal-new
  animal-list
  animal-edit
3. Filtering / pipes:
  Geo Location filtering / pipe

* _spec 0: Program will take user's input of new animal._
* _spec 1: Program will allow user to edit animal's likes, dislikes, how many caretakers they require, etc_
* _spec 2: Program will provide a filtering tool to select certain types of animals etc._
* _spec 3: Stretch goal: Program will use API call to pull in data about zoo animals._

## Known Bugs

_No known bugs, yet_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* `Download or clone project files: https://github.com/ziggity/week3_angular It's that easy!`
* $`cd week3_angular`
* $`npm install`
* $`bower install`

## Running the app:
* $`gulp build serve`
* Visit your app at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

### Support and contact details:

@zachbeecher on twitter

## Technologies Used
* _Bootstrap 3.3.7_
* _NPM_
* _Angular2_

### License

*This project is licensed under the MIT license*

Copyright (c) 2017 **_Zach Beecher_**
